My opinion is to wait for the child to ask for it.	My opinion is to wait until the child itself expresses a desire for this.
It indeed appears the Andromeda galaxy (M31) and The Milky Way (MW) are en route to a collision.	In a few billion years, the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide.
Pardon the brevity of this answer, but I would say ''named'' is preferred within the context of your example.	Named is preferred in your example, since you are formally giving a name to your method.
It is simply the number of balls bowled divided by the number of wickets taken.	Bowling strike rate is defined for a bowler as the average number of balls bowled per wicket taken.
It's pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social Anxiety Disorder being an extrovert.	On the surface, it does seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion shouldn't both exist in the same person.
There are a lot of push up variations you can do and they all stress different muscle systems.	There are several different pushup variations out there and most of them provide a unique advantage.
You definitely do NOT want to be supporting your weight with your arms on the bike for normal riding.	No, don't support your weight on your arms Your hands simply aren't really made for supporting all that weight.
It would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person.	I'm no herpetologist, but in my experience, snakes are in the ''you don't bug me, I won't bug you'' category.
Yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over.	There's no rule that decides which players can be picked for bowling/batting in the Super Over.
I agree with others (and yourself) in that I have never heard this phrase in English.	I have never heard or seen the phrase you mention.
Yes, you can add coffee grounds with their filters to your compost pile.	Absolutely ok; we have incorporated coffee grounds into our plant food and many of those grounds included the paper filter.
Federal DOMA does not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th Amendments to the Constitution.	DOMA as a congressional statute could not violate the Full Faith and Credit Clause of the Constitution.
The president is not really all that important for German people.	The function of the german president is almost just representative.
Is it possible for a match to get tie even after applying D/L method?	Yes, it's possible for a match to get tie after applying the D/L method.
Yes, this is OK, as it allows you to emphasise certain things, that you want the readers to notice.	I believe this is perfectly acceptable and does a good job of emphasising your point.
I wrap steaks individually in freezer paper, then put them into ziploc freezer bags.	Wrap well in plastic (individually) and then put in a freezer bag.
As others have said, ''ten of six'', though not used in many English speaking areas, would be understood as 5:50.	''Ten of six'' probably means 5:50 but I have not heard it before.
This looks a lot like an invitation to a No True Scottsman argument.	I concur with @T.E.D; the question is a ''no True Scotsman'' bar bet.
You are safe to use the bottles as long as they have been properly sterilised.	I would say it's completely safe so long as the bottles have been adequately rinsed to remove any detergent residue.
It does sound like your cat is upset about something, and trying to communicate it to you.	Something is bothering your cat and he does not like it.
I don't think that positivism is a position of mostly leftist philosophers.	I am not convinced that positivism is routinely asociated to a leftist ideology.
It's true that, under one understanding of ''accessibility'' and ''determining'', your accessibility relation is determined by your axioms.	Accessibility is determined by the axioms of the modal logic you're working within.
Fast Picture Viewer has an extensive pack for the low price of $9.99 and it appears to cover them all.	Fast Picture Viewer is $9.99 and works just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 (I'm using it myself).
It is perfectly okay to ask for the figure knowing well that the other person may not give.	You can always ask, then it is the choice of the author to accept or not.
According to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd.	The AAVSO data seems to indicate that it might have already peaked, at around 10.5 (visual).
In the United States, jails are operated by cities and counties (or equivalent).	Jail is a municipal level, prison is on a state/federal/provincial/territory level.
You should take this animal to a vet right away.	As covered in the other answers, your only option is to see a vet in order to have surgery done.
Public employees can unionize because the law allows them to.	The legal reasons why public employees can unionize have been elsewhere described.
As others have mentioned, the iRobot Roomba is an excellent example of a household robot which does meaningful work.	I've been happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning.
For the most part you can apply at any US consulate.	Generally you're supposed to apply at the US consulate at your place of residence.
We just addressed this recently, and the excellent answer suggested was guillemets.	guillemets, as suggested by Lauren Ipsum, is a good option.
All we know is this : Distant objects are receding from us at a rate proportional to their distance from us.	The expansion of space means that objects in cosmological distances are receding away from each other.
Like Chris said above, stars rotate to conserve their angular momentum.	Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.
Yes, your sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash.	Most style guides recommend against using the slash in phrases like “X and/or Y”, as well as  “this is hard/impossible to do”.
I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.	That is indeed Greek Looks like a Ticket to a museum or field.
GPS (wikipedia) is based on orbiting satellites and so is accurate worldwide.	GPS systems can, and do, work everywhere you can get satellites.
Try switching to rats; weanling rats if you need something smaller.	As mentioned in previous answers, rats and gerbils can be offered instead of mice or in a rotation with mice.
Well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in your mind.	The difference is huge, as not all non-physical things exist in minds.
Currently I've got a fairly close to purely digital GTD setup, although this could do with some refinements and tweaks.	My GTD system is effectively 100 percent electronic--as described in detail here.
There is nothing wrong with the phrase ''simple sample service''.	The minimal change needed to avoid disconcerting alliteration is to just call it a ''simple example service''.
The short answer is: we are made from the ''stuff'' contributed by many stars.	It is highly unlikely that we're made out of stuff from only one star.
As per your definition, a star formed in a binary system (hence near some gravitating body) is a generalised planet.	The main flaw with your definition of a ''generalised planet'' would be the boundary between stars and planets.
The best way I have found is to soak the ears in husk for several hours before grilling.	Soak whole ears in the husk in a bowl of water.
I've noticed a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road.	A treadmill won't prepare you for the impact of running for real.
Simple answer is yes, flower shoots on lettuce is a sure sign of bolting.	It appears as though it has likely started to bolt.
A few points to add here: Coyotes are not know to be aggressive towards humans.	In general they are not considered dangerous because they rarely attack humans.
Once you open it up to toxins, the answer is clearly no, boiling is not enough.	Boiling eliminates only a certain class of contaminants that can make you ill.
Although cheese is very healthy and also good during pregnancy, some types might contain Listeria, which can cause serious problems.	As was mentioned, the problem with cheese is the potential for Listeria.
There are many compact cameras with underwater housings available from Canon and Olympus.	There are waterproof compacts that go to 10 meters, such as some of the Olympus Tough models.
According to Shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country called Israel does not exist.	As with the definition of Palestine, the definition of Israel varies depending on whom you ask.
Before you want to start the study of a subject, figure out what you want to achieve.	As Eugene suggests, try to figure out what you want to achieve.
Women first appeared in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics.	In 1900, the second modern Olympic games, 22 women competed in 5 events: tennis, sailing, croquet, equestrian, and golf.
In these days of googling, it's sloppy to not find the source of a quotation.	I agree with Kate Sherwood, you should be able to attribute most quotes these days by simple fact checking.
You'll need to check the particular policies of each publisher to see what is allowed and what is not allowed.	If you need to publish the book and you have found one publisher that allows it.
Stars are rotating, but that's not the cause for their stability.	Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they formed from.
I've never adjusted the length of time based on number of eggs.	I don't boil eggs enough to keep a feel for the timing...
Certainly many usage guides have advised against use of this ''singular they'' on various ''logical'' grounds.	Second one  (for writing purpose), if I believe the ''THEY/THEIR (SINGULAR)'' article.
Back in the day, ''cable'' was used to describe communications sent abroad.	The word ''cable'' has its origins in the days of the telegraph.
Preserving grammaticality and preserving meaning of the sentence are two different things.	In fact, you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you don't care about preserving meaning.
A tent may give you slightly more protection than sleeping out in the open, but not much.	No, a tent will not give you any protection from bears that want what's inside.
My experience with Danios has that they always have been ''bossy'' fish.	Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.
I have noticed most cats don't lick people a great deal.	Cats may or may not lick a person based on all kinds of things.
There are a few things to help your bun gain a bit of weight.	John Cavan has some reasonable and appropriate methods for increasing a rabbits weight in his answer.
When I needed a travel tripod, I also opted for a Trekpod.	An alternative tripod that may serve your needs is the TrekPod.
When printed on a lens the f-stop is usually expressed as a ratio with a colon (i.e.	It refers to the maximum f-stop (which is defined as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter).
In a ''first-past-the-post'' system, it is difficult to sustain more than two parties.	While the 'first-past-the-post system favours two parties, it certainly doesn't guarantee the marginalization of third parties.
I'd start by reading David Allen's book: Getting Things Done.	I'm considering spending the $48 per month on the GTD (Getting things done) system advertised by David Allen.
Yes, absolutely - the receiving player must allow the ball to bounce before returning the serve - or any shot, actually.	Yes, the receiver needs to wait until the ball touches his playing area, otherwise it counts as being obstructed.
Yes, dew (wetness in the environment) factor can change the direction of a match.	Another disadvantage of the dew factor is that it makes hitting boundaries difficult.
No, there is no specific criteria for giving the man of the match award.	As per the rules, MoM award is decide by the commentry pannel.
The villains I absolutely hate are selfish and self-serving, but they are also cowards.	A villain you want to take down is, at his/her core, someone who does not care about the suffering of others.
It is hard to delineate emotion completely from thoughts or sensations, because emotion can contain both.	Technically speaking, an emotion is not different from thought the way it is processed in brain, both involve neurotransmitters.
I'd suggest you look to the constructions of the native language(s) of your students.	As bikeboy389 said, you can learn a lot by looking at students' native languages.
If you understand yourself and your enemy, you will be far more likely to win any battle.	Another meaning behind this quote aside from probabilities of winning a theoretical battle is the importance of knowing/understanding others.
Yes, I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly did whistle.	It is true that bombs in World War II would make a whistling sound as they fell.
In Russian, for example, animacy is not clear-cut in the distinction animate/inanimate.	As in Russian, Polish marks animate masculine nouns by having a genitive-accusative vs. the nominative-accusative of inanimate masculines.
Zipf’s law, as I understand it, is not really about languages, but about statistics and probability.	As with all natural laws, Zipf's law is an approximation.
Nylon dries fast, is resistant to ripping and tearing, and fairly breathable.	Nylon, among other synthetics, is an ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuits for several reasons.
So it's important to have a basic understanding before you even get on skis.	Skiing is a sport where taking lessons pays off very quickly.
Our daughter has always loved her bath, but coming out... not so much.	My wife and I originally had the same problem with our newborn twins fussing when bath time was over.
Turtles love eating goldfish and lots of things that fit into their mouths.	First, the turtles are eating the fish because fish are food, not friends.
Aristotle didn't put the world at the center of the universe per se.	Why did Aristotle place the earth at the centre of an infinite universe?
Because there are more effective ways for Her Majesty to change or veto laws.	They do not veto laws because nobody will ever adopt a law which is contrary to the expressed queen's will.
Professor Burkhauser has done extensive research on who is hurt by higher minimum wages.	Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.
There is a relatively narrow set of people who are eligible to be wandering in the restricted areas.	The capital severely punishes people who head out to the restricted areas (e.g.
On the one hand, there’s nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time.	Time Turners were explicitly mentioned for use in going back in time.
At the highest level, a pace setter helps ensure they meet their game plan for the race exactly.	From personal experience I found that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful.
English works everywhere with people buying and selling things and in the hospitality and tourism busniness.	I traveled around Maharashtra (including Mumbai) and Andhra Pradesh and I had no problem getting by with just English.
Here is a lexical decision task I wrote years ago using PHP and Javascript (github link).	Just for reference, I ended up writing simple web-based lexical decision task software myself.
Q: What is the reason for people to implicitly trust their peers in extreme (or not) situations?	One human-being reliance on other(s) awareness is defined by the level of trust between the humans.
Intrinsic reward is the emotional pay-off that you get by completing an activity.	According to Frederick Herzberg's two-factor theory of motivation, intrinsic rewards are motivators (e.g.
When studying adult IQ, general adult norms are often used.	Basically, what you do is you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample.
There are actually quite a few differences between the different types of flour.	The difference is the amount of protein contained in the flour which can range from 5% to 15%.
They don't taste identical at all, and even more important, they don't smell the same.	Black pepper and white pepper are differing preparations of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant.
I see some references to status as uncountable as well, but that doesn't make much sense to me.	There are some cases ''status'' may be accounted of countable.
If I understand you correctly, you are looking for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion.	Inclusion is the act of including and exclusion is the act of excluding.
If you're doing a full body workout 6 days a week, you absolutely need the rest week.	There are both physiological and neurological reasons to build in rest.
These are tickets to the archaeological sites of Epidaurus (which includes the still in use theatre) and Mycenae.	I guess those are greek tickets (εισιτηριον) for excavation sites or museums.
Yes, this is true and yes, in most cases indefinite articles indeed developed from numerals, as @MGN already said.	Indefinite articles developed from numerals, and the definite articles developed from demonstratives.
Yes, twins can develop their own language, but it's not a given.	Here's what I saw with my fraternal twins: While learning to speak, all children develop some of their own dialect.
Most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping has to do primarily with waking habits, not eating habits.	In my experience, babies tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry.
I have seen cats not like using the litterbox for a variety of reasons.	I think Keltari has some good ideas.... A cat can change its ''taste'' in litter material.
I don't have direct experience with bettas, but I've never heard that pairs will work long-term in any male/female combination.	Bettas are highly territorial and no matter what sexes you keep together they will fight.
Apart from aperture and focal length, depth of field also decreases with camera-subject distance.	The wider your aperture, the smaller your focal depth will be.
You need to be embedding a color profile in you image, as also using a browser that supports color management.	In my experience, when the final production will be in sRGB, use that color profile from start to finish.
I have found there is no single best way to increase size.	There are a very wide variety of solutions for resizing and sharpening images for use on the web.
Same here, I've the 50mm f/1.4, and as my fastest lens I couldn't live without it for concerts and low-light photography.	I have the 18-55, 50/1.8 and 50/1.4 as well as the 20D - superseded by a 50D.
Freezing motion generally requires one, maybe two things: fast shutter speed, and flash at the right time.	In addition to @Pearsonartphoto's answer, you can use flash (either the built-in or better yet, an extarnal) to freeze the motion.
The U.S. appears to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reasons in no particular order.	There are three main factors that drive the low shadow economy in the US.
Absolute majority always defined by the institution, or the context.	In countries like India, when you have 2/3 of the seats of all parliament, you have absolute majority.
I think 90 days is the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period.	Definitely plan a month ahead - it's totally OK for your plans to change - just amend them as they do.
We only used Fartlek as a fitness measurement, and as a bit of fun.	Fartlek is not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun!
It is hard to speak for a team, know what their strategy is going into a draft.	Drafting has changed dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement.
There is NO good reason for the failure to implement video plays in professional soccer.	There is another problem with applying instant replays beyond just interrupting the flow of the game.
I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minutes faster then the first.	I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half.
A technical stop is for the benefit of the PLANE.	Usually it's a refuelling stop, and you just sit on the plane.
I think the dual goals have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist.	I think it's going to depend on what the reasons are.
I don't think there are likely to be any standards that address this issue specifically.	You're going to find answers all over the map for this one (i.e., there probably aren't ''standards'').
Support is good for eggplants as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branches.	Some support won't hurt, especially if it is a large fruited variety.
The point of aerating your pile is to get oxygen to the microbes that break down the organic matter.	Your pile will compost without turning it, but it goes faster if you turn it.
It is possible, but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank.	We tried putting a male betta in a community tank once.
The best approach is play with your cat each night in the evening before bedtime.	A trick I did was to grab and hold my cats close if they disturbed me during the night.
The terminology is usually called ''Destructive vs Non Destructive'' editing.	Lossless / nondestructive edits are reversible and would entail transforming and/or appending the data in a way that could be reversed.
As per FIFA's ''Equipment Regulations'', Section 22, only the goalkeeper is permitted to wear a cap.	Although headgear is allowed to be worn, it is not advised for anyone other than the goalkeeper.
In standard English, I think ''don't got'' has the same register as ''ain't''.	I'd say the expression I don't got... is generally rare in spoken AmE.
Properly executed weight training will increase, not decrease, your flexibility and mobility.	I've seen guys that are still very flexable while lifting weights.
Dominus, plural Domini, in ancient Rome, “master,” or “owner,” particularly of slaves.	A greek-speaking slave (δούλος, doulos) I think would call his master κύριος (translit: kurios; lord, master, sir; vocative form: κύριε).
In some nowadays Indo-European languages you can still see rests of base-20 numeral systems.	Modern Englishes, and many other well-known languages, use base 10 (ie decimal) systems of numerals.
You will be hard pressed to find scientific studies that answer these questions with any certainty.	The topics you mention are very broad and not closely related in the scientific world.
The main cause of the allergies is proteins in the saliva.	Allergies to animals, particularly furry ones, can be across the board rather than species specific.
I have a standing/sitting desk at work and really like it.	As mentioned by other responders, it turns out that using a standing desk isn't necessarily a perfect solution.
The best way to clear your head after a study session is by taking on a vigorous physical exercise (min.	What works for me is to switch the subjects and take frequent breaks.
Feel the fear... And do it anyway The book recommends to feel the fear.	13 Tips To Face Your Fear and Enjoy the Ride seems interesting.
Sign language maybe, since there is no tone to convey meaning, emotion or intent.	It is safe to say that body posture plays a big role in all languages.
A method used to calculate the distance between stars is 3 Dimensional trigonometry.	You only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distances to the two stars and their angular separation.
Asteroids are what are called minor planets - small inner solar system rocky bodies.	The objects you are refering to are actually two different objects: asteroids and comets.
Spike trigger is a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlations, covariance and probabilities.	There's the naïve version of spike triggered averaging, and the sophisticated version.
This depends on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchased.	Tomatoes will last longer if kept in the fridge, but I actually recommend against keeping them there.
Running downhill is the BEST way to strengthen your quad muscles.	Additionally often people will think a downhill marathon is easier, but in fact, is often harder than an uphill marathon.
Just about anything can be grown indoors without natural sunlight.	We have quite a few people here who have grown peppers and small tomatoes indoors and in pots.
There is a very full description of the various types of hormone rooting compound here.	It is meant to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of roots.
If you can get over the ''ick factor,'' you have an easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand.	The NPK numbers on the fertilizer represents the percent, by weight, of Nitrogen, P2O5 and K2O, respectively.
The USA is the world's strongest country because of its military force.	The United States is one of the five largest countries in the world by area.
While Queen may refer to both Queen regent (sovereign) or Queen consort, the King has always been the sovereign.	There is a very good reason not to refer to the Queen's spouse as ''King'' - because they aren't the King.
By the time that Qin had totally collapsed, Xiang Yu was China's hegemon.	The Han Dynasty came after the Qin Dyansty, after the government under Shi Huang Di collapsed.
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	American black bears They are somewhat common in some wilderness areas of California, mostly in the mountains.
I know of no firm evidence indicating that baby talk is either helpful or detrimental in language development.	Baby talk, when used correctly is beneficial to speech development.
Given that the amount of shedding is normal, I don't think there's anything you can do to lessen it.	To reduce the amount of fur a cat malts over your furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush.
The difference between ''necessary'' and ''sufficient'' is the direction of the logical arrow.	sufficient is an upper bound, necessary is a lower bound.
No, nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grants the President transitional authority.	There is always ''transitional authority'' by virtue of the writing of regulations.
As I remember, in Geneva at least, there are open air markets on a weekly basis.	This page list all the big Christmas markets in Switzerland.
My experience is that a normal taxi is always cheaper.	When using a regular taxi make sure it's with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront.
The Hare Psychopathy Checklist is often used to assess psychopathy in clinical settings.	From an article entitled Can You Call a 9-Year-Old a Psychopath?
I  believe one cannot taste the difference between minced(canned) and fresh garlic once it is cooked.	In my experience, fresh garlic is great for when you want texture, or to slow down the flavour infusion.
I grill salmon that I get with the skin on.	Salmon is a great choice and it's readily available pretty much everywhere.
In some cases the implication could even be that Tom does not love her.	There is no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence.
I can only think of context using insofar as or insofar that.	The form insofar is American English; the standard form in British and other English is 'in so far'.
Yes, you should stretch before running, but not the sit down and reach kind of stretching.	Neuromuscular Activation and Dynamic Stretching Here is an excellent video on a dynamic stretching routine for running.
There are no post-emergents that specifically kill crabgrass without killing lawn grass.	I brought an Ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degrees.
The difficulty arises not from the various linguistic properties of the language pair as many here suggest.	It depends on generally syntactic structure of two languages and -yes- some pragmatic issues.
He is taking the diaper off because he is uncomfortable.	You can try putting the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while.
A possibility is to have a family meeting with the stated goal of working out the reward(s) for chores.	Many children, instead of being motivated by reward are motivated by being in control.
Playing doctor is something all kids want to try at some point.	I have been in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they were 5 and 4.
Cats (and all animals in general) do not understand the concepts of order or tidiness.	They don't intend to leave those items around the house or untidy the house.
Stocking is very subjective to the specific inhabitants as well as the setup and your aquarium experience.	You'll always want to add fish into a tank slowly.
The Question is (from Hinduism); do you exist because of pregnancy?	The least that can be said is that we must be born with the ability and 'knowledge' to learn.
I think that for an understanding Wittgenstein's ''solution'', you must take in account the original (historical) context.	Wittgenstein is alluding to how Russell himself solved the Paradox - the theory of ramified types.
I have a few Nikon lenses, and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shots.	If your interest is primarily the optics, you need to look at individual lenses, not brands as a whole.
I've recently bought two sit/stand Galant tables from IKEA and I'm quite happy with them.	http://www.varidesk.com/ There is also the hand-made/DIY version for which you could obtain design templates for.
I'd be more inclined to believe that it's some sort of ring world.	It is not hollow, it is round just as our world.
I started watching the Stargate series by watching Atlantis first!	Without delving into an in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe, I'll try and be as succinct as possible.
Remember, from the Fleet's point of view, the rest of the galaxy is what's moving and experiencing time dilation.	Well, it really depends on how long he was there, and the exact speed of the Fleet.
The movement of the ball in the air is called swing bowling.	Both of these styles of bowling are performed by bowlers who are medium pace or fast bowlers.
There is one airline, Spirit Airlines, which is trying to copy Ryanair with super cheap tickets and aggressively bad service.	There are a few airlines which operate flights at lower fares.
Generally, almost wherever I go, I find it's easiest to get money out of the ATM.	There are plenty of ATMs and Exchanges all around the city, especially in city center.
For fiction, I have little proof to show of blogs being published as print and/or ebooks.	To answer your question, yes, I think blogging your fiction will hurt your attempts to be traditionally published later.
Yes, dull dialog should be removed completely (or transformed to interesting dialog).	I agree with Lauren's answer: You need highs and lows in any story.
I disagree that the moniker “most extensive” should be applied to Dorothy Jones Heydt’s language.	The most extensive Vulcan language was made by fans in the 60's, especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt.
Let us assume the data for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of M13.	Globular clusters occupy an interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar systems.
These are interesting studies, but the bottom line is: yes, environment affects cognitive abilities.	I'm not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity, but I absolutely believe that language shapes the way we think.
In addition to oil, make sure the grill is nice and hot before you start cooking.	I'd been using paper towels to oil the grill, and I just discovered that newspapers work a lot better.
I've stored pancakes in the freezer for over two month and not had any freezer burn.	Its going to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer.
Break the bulb into cloves, breaking off the bottom and the dry stick that goes up the middle.	lay down a knife horizontaly on the cloves and hit it.
The room used for defecation is almost always referred to by euphemism.	I'm English, and would probably use 'toilet' most of the time, and always in the context of a private home.
Rotate through square, lunges and calf raises doing each until you feel a little burn.	Air squats, forward and side lunges, sprawl, wall chair, and lots and lots of jump rope.
Thistle is classified as a noxious weed in most places and must be controlled.	I've got the same problem, where there are fields of dandelions just beyond the borders of my gardens.
Chances are picking the seeds once it's gone to seed isn't going to actually encourage new growth.	The longer you can leave the seed-heads on the plant the better (IMHO).
Aloes, like most succulents, are very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect .	Some of the guys at my office have potted aloe plants.
There were indeed some serious issues surrounding Kennedy's election in 1960, one of the closest elections in History.	As per your original question: The  Wikipedia section does not claim that Joseph P Kennedy bought John F Kennedy's victory.
The reason for this is that Russian is a much more tonal language than English.	Although I am quite fluent in Russian, I wouldn't say English sound particularly 'cold' to me.
A part of the question thusfar unattended is whether the concept of phoneme has always been contentious.	''Phoneme'' is a theoretical construct which probably can't go away.
Whatever you do, don't bite him back to show him that it hurts.	We always lightly bopped our kids on the mouth, therefore showing him that his mouth is what hurt you.
My son didn't become potty trained until about his 4th birthday.	Here are some things that worked with my son who started toilet training around 2.5 years.
First, double-check the dog's body language to make sure that it is truly aggressive.	First, you should realize that this is not you or your dog's problem.
The biggest reason I can think of is that you're taking away a defence mechanism for the cat.	Cats don't usually like to have their paws held, touched, or anything like that.
Breed Zebra Danios are extremely hardy fish, they are almost difficult to kill.	Supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 Danios in your tank.
A class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for HD (1080) video for the 550D (48 MBit).	Some cards are too slow to accept an HD stream, so you need one that is fast enough.
Leaving aside heath care angle, you are working from a flawed premise that waging war doesn't save lives.	Healthcare They would probably reject your implied claim that Obama's healthcare law will save lives.
Experience: you must have noticed in you project/office that other colleagues who are more experience understand things quickly.	I think a learning attitude is the founding skill of a self-taught person.
I'd suggest you find a bank in your local country, and consider opening a Euro denominated bank account with them.	I am not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you are not a resident.
The most obvious is the oldest long distance walk in Scotland: The West Highland Way.	Look at this: http://www.capewrathtrail.co.uk/ You could do it in stages.
I've started my own tool since I didn't like yWriter and Storybook.	I've tried many of the things mentioned above, but they never really worked for me.
I think it is still feasible to store seeds until the next year.	I haven't tried storing tomato seeds myself, but I have tried to store pepper seeds (and they are closely related).
Yes, but it does not stay in the same constellation.	Constellations are human constructs to make sense of the night sky.
I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater.	By the wording of the question, I'm pretty sure you're using one of those pyramidal graters or a ''sheet'' grater.
The recipe I work from has you put the meat in the freezer, then pan sear it.	Starting with a whole chilled piece of meat, I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface.
A common one is haddock and is in season pretty much year round.	White fish are, as a rule, more delicately flavored than darker fleshed fish.
Copper can be useful for certain tasks due to the its metallic properties (heats quickly, distributes heat evenly, etc.	Probably subjective, but ... Good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper.
This may be overly obvious, but in American English, saying ''you're welcome'' is certainly polite and standard.	I'm not sure how ''Not at all'' sounds in response to ''thank you''.
''The grass family is one of the most widely distributed and abundant groups of plants on Earth.	As noted on the Wiki page, grass seed was imported to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock.
If you arecomming from the non-linguistics environment, the best book is to start with Is Fromkin, Introduction to language.	This is what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbooks to students starting a Masters' in Linguistics.
From what I'm seeing it's generally accepted that most English speakers have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 words.	According to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 words in English.
A rule of thumb that I've heard is ''for small children, big dogs''.	Any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous.
Both of our children slept in a portable pen for at least their first year, and there were no problems.	Yours looks like the one we used for my kids (same brand and everything).
I have never read anything that said teethers were bad--where did you read that?	We used a clean cloth or baby sock wrapped around an ice cube with our kids and grandkids.
How could be you so sure that the fish died a natural death.	In my 200 L fresh water tank, which is an aggressive tank, fish occasionally get harassed to death.
We always put it crushed up in a bit of butter or on a sardine.	We had a cat that required daily medication, and it was a struggle to give the cat a pill.
Clean the urinated zone with vinegar (I used to do that when my feline daughter was a baby kitten).	Others have made some good suggestions about how to neutralize the odors in the area.
Dick was an idea guy and a people guy, not a science guy.	Most of Philip K Dick's works aren't hard Sci-Fi in the least.
Your worry is a valid one; the reader could be frustrated by this.	I don't believe not knowing a character's name would be confusing unless you make it so.
Supporting an ideology in an ostentatious manner (rather than privately or discreetly) is a personality problem.	I think for an appropriate answer I'd need to know exactly what the 'bad' ideology is.
Some villages had histories and thus names going back to Ancient Roman times.	Many towns and villages took their name from the ruling family, the owners of the village.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/History_of_Delhi#Early_history shows that the city was called Delhi (or Dilli) at least since the 12/13th century.	I am not exactly sure but I remember the media (in India) addressing Delhi as ''HASTHINA''.
The point is to get the air out that the infant sucks into the stomach while feeding.	I've found with my baby that it's more accurate to go by his behavior than by ''rules''.
Forget for a moment that you ever learned anything about so-called ''complex'' or ''imaginary'' numbers.	As others have already mentioned, numbers are of course abstractions.
I use Elinchrom Skyports, but if money is not an issue then go for PocketWizards.	Or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo RF-602, which give you a lot of bang for the buck.
To play golf, the first thing you need is a set of clubs.	Having fairly recently taken up the sport myself, I feel your discomfort.
Basically, the rule is that you must play the ball, and not the man, until someone catches the ball.	It is fairly simple to understand, somewhat harder to referee.
One thing you seem to be forgetting regarding myths, is they are extremely prevalent stories.	I noticed you said ''movie critics'' enjoy mythological references in a film, but do audiences?
You can write the book in any way you choose, as long as it works for you.	Sequence a only in writing (sometimes you have to go back and revise) option the not writer has is.
Webster's New World Rhyming Dictionary: Clement Wood's Updated This is the rhyming dictionary I turn to first.	http://www.rhymezone.com/ You just type in a word, then select one of the following.
Apart from admission (which normally should not be related to age), there is something that's related to your question.	Age is not a PhD admission facor in the continental Europe, too.
My answer would be depending on which GRE are you referring to?	The problem I see with the GREs is that the scoring range is highly compressed.
Yes, it's true that the apparent size of the Moon is 30 arcmin.	When you gaze at the moon ''live'', you are not seeing a still image.
Why is the speed of light 299,792,458 m/s, and not (for instance) 3,1 or 4,3 x 10^44 m/s?	Speed of light being finite is one of the fundamentals of our Universe.
I managed to find this recipe, I think this is where I got the idea.	I've only made a couple of bbq sauces, but they've always come out really well.
Coagulated egg proteins in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need.	There are basically two types of cakes: butter and sponge (or Génoise).
The ''more posh'' words are usually Latin (occasionally Greek) in origin.	As Shinto pointed out, vulgar words exist in every language.
I feel your pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise, even in cool conditions.	Sweat rate is sweat rate, you can't really control it.
I recently stumbled on a great article that talks about protein consumption for the purposes of building muscle (recovery included).	Low reps with high weights don't add mass because the duration of the exercise is kept short.
To paraphrase a common saying, ''One man's weed is another man's lawn''.	First, let me say I've no experience doing battle with Bermuda grass.
Dirt can mean pretty much anything, from good to poor quality soil.	Use coco peat - It's an organic soil derived from coconut husks for garden vegetables and plants which is Eco-friendly.
Nearly all countries grew quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reasons.	The USSR growth rate during the 50's was not exceptionally high.
Newspeak, a ''deliberately impoverished'' language designed to prevent people from communicating and thinking about subversive ideas.	Every language is permeated by the cultural values in which it is immersed.
Not all negative claims can be validly reformulated into positive claims.	I don't think the burden of proof is on positive or negative versions.
Anil, there certainly is a difference in results, mainly in image quality.	If you want to learn photography, almost any camera will do to start with.
The answer will depend significantly on what country you're traveling to.	As someone who has always travelled with a lot of prescription medication, I always declare it.
Would going on a cargo ship count as a tour?	Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America, starting and finishing in Quito.
If you don't want to pay for Adobe Acrobat Pro, as @schultem mentions, LaTeX can do this with embedded hyperlinks.	If you don't mind hosting your files online, SlideShare is a good solution.
All of these effects are related to the 11 year solar cycle.	I will be specific to answering the part regarding the prediction of solar flares.
We are moving ''... relative to the comoving cosmic rest frame ... at some 371 km/s towards the constellation Leo''.	There is no 'still' that is not relative to some other object.
Palatalisation of /k/ before front vowels happens all over the place: Russian, Greek, Turkish, Persian etc.	Sinhala, one of the languages spoken in Sri Lanka has a four way deixis system.
A wonderful woman I know has the Habenera bag by REI (link).	If you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleeping bags in those colors.
You should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional.	It is always difficult when parents refuse to see what seems obvious to a teacher.
Show her how much fun splashing is - that's what we did, and made a game of it.	You can put her toys near her or give he toys to her.
I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of.	It is the same idea as what Aristotle called the unmoved mover.
I've used Paint Shop Pro and DxO Optics Pro on Windows.	In Linux I use Bibble, which is has some warts but which is the only serious option AFAICT.
The user needs to evaluate for his/herself the cost/benefit of an ''obvious'' efficiency tool, such as macros.	Instead of trying to force specific answers or method's on them.
I would say the best thing for me is to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule.	There's also FreakyAlarm for iOS, which makes you solve simple logic/math problems before the alarm will turn off.
I don't think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation.	The short answer is that evolution couldn't create gills in humans.
The answer to your question is: It depends on how the writer works.	At first, I thought this is a bit of a tricky question.
Most doctors do recommend rice cereal as the first food, as there is almost no worry of allergic reaction.	Eating off a spoon has to be an unusual experience for them.
I am not aware of any university run participant pools.	At the universities I've worked in North America, human-subject studies (esp.
This post refers to research in the STEM fields, and may not be applicable to other research topics.	This is about my experience in computer engineering I found that reading for breadth was the more important approach.
In general there are a number of different distinct workflows that lead to a poster.	For completeness, Apple's Pages has quite a few nice poster layouts.
Stars form in star-formation regions, which itself develop from molecular clouds.	It may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy.
If non-human animals do have intelligence too, why is their intelligence not as advanced as humans?	Your own theory is bad because it seems to follow from a Lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory.
Good cheddar has little chunks of calcium lactate on/in it - could it be that?	I have two suspicions: One, you're undercooking your roux, the flour and butter mixture, and not fully incorporating the flour.
The assertion is false, at least as you've restated it here.	''I had mainly been'' is fine, in the context you're using it.
Firstly, you should be aware that there are two different kinds of dashes: the en dash and the em dash.	Semicolon is used to join sentences that can stand alone, but are joined to emphasize their relationship.
It is not recommended to use greywater on vegetables that you will eat directly.	Adding soap to water allows the water to dissolve oils.
Pick them as soon as they are as ripe as you want them.	I live in Delaware and have already harvested my jalapeno and chili peppers.
To no extent at all is the wars in the middle east caused by trade making the area heterogeneous.	They had a treaty beginning in 1941, after a few skirmishes along the area in question.
The bulk of India then was not controlled by Porus, but by the Nanda dynasty, centered at Pataliputra.	I believe Alexander lost heart after his horse, Bucephelus, died from a wound received in the battle against Porus.
In English, certainly the most common use of do is Do-Support.	In traditional grammar, the word doing is a participle in all your examples.
As you can see from this map on the Wals.info site, there are many.	This is an example I always find is helpful for first year.
If you wear a bear bell on your backpack, your fellow hikers will kill you for being annoying.	The above advice is quite good, just wanted to add on thing to consider regarding food in bear country.
My guess is that means your cat only marginally likes the food you're feeding him.	Some researchers believe domestic cats never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like their mom.
If a statement is not provable an inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidates the system.	Should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system?
Here are many samples: Pbase.com Out of the 16k photos there, I'm sure some are with a d700.	It's a 1:1 lens, so that means that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor.
Large-format cameras are very much worth buying used; they're often extremely well-cared-for, if not coddled.	If I had to pick, Linhof would be my choice.
The part of economics that is most like physics is called microeconomics.	Side note first: I don't think that physicists always agree on their theories and predictions.
Russian Federal Law is actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argued.	The last round of presidential elections in Russia was held on March 4th, 2012 and December 4th, 2011 for the Duma.
Eclipse Below are list of eclipse shortcuts which I use almost everyday.	To train yourself to use keyboard shortcuts, unplug your mouse for a few days.
I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of his tips.	Research does indicate that sleeping after studying is a pretty good rule-of-thumb.
First of all, let me say that there seems to be 3 main traits to casting a spell.	I always thought that Harry seemed to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he did from other sources.
According to canon, Leia was an expert in combat, especially shooting (this is from EU books).	In real-world combat, most fire is used to suppress the enemy, not kill them.
If the number of fours hit by two teams are also equal then both teams will get 1 point each.	This is the rule if the runs scored by two teams in Super Over is equal...
There are trains via Knin, which means a large detour inland (there just isn't a coastal line).	As others have said if you want to get to Split the best public transport offering is by bus.
A few possible problems: 1) Such an ID system seems a little intrusive.	In mathematics, we already have a database of this sort - two them, in fact, with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH.
As an complement to the other answers, let me address the question of why planets tend towards tidal locking.	The other answers here are fantastic at explaining in a technical sense.
She obviously has a legit excuse, although she could have been more responsible and ''have'' told you in advance.	The first have covers both been more responsible and told you in that sentence.
Those expressions could have slightly different meanings especially when talking about finance.	I suspect the phrase originated in the habit of drawing the internet as a cloud shape on network diagrams.
Google search for Travel WODs has whole lots of results which you can use.	As @Sarge says, this is for a doctor to diagnose properly.
Looks like you've rediscovered Jaspers's concept of the Axial Age.	There was no influence from China to the culture of Greece.
I would recommend asking questions in a way that doesn't require a yes or no answer.	Would you be concerned with the mind changing if he wasn't shouting and/or misbehaving?
Here is my advice based on my personal experience pumping breastmilk for twin boys for a full year.	I understand that the first 3 days are the most important, so much so it is vital you do it then.
As I understand it, nothing that can be changed, or broken down into smaller parts is inherently real.	Our interactions are merely depends on where we put our perception.
For what it's worth, dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think.	Regular dish washing fluid is great for removing grease, as it not only dissolves it but also binds it.
Most people want not only to be WELL off, but to become BETTER off as time goes by.	To start, the main drivers of economic growth are resources, technology, and institutions.
I'm not yet able to answer if the phenomenon has an official PoliSci name.	There are 2 problems with the viewpoint you presented in the question, which explain the seeming contradiction.
Your brain is already beginning to wind down as you see the end in sight.	I'm writing here a few tips that can help you with motivation.
I like the previous answers regarding setting a schedule and fulfilling the rituals of going to a job.	Buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleeping area.
I voted for the dyson sphere as being the biggest realistic.	Allen Steele's book Hex describes a Dyson sphere, but made of hexagons, 1000 miles (K?
Glad to hear you've started playing hockey, its a great sport!	A general rule of thumb is every 5-6 hours of skating.
Kyoto, at least does, as described here: JR Kyoto Station.	Coin lockers are a feature of most stations in Japan.
If you have access to it, you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters’ Web of Science portal.	You can have a look at the arXiv cultoromics website at http://arxiv.culturomics.org, which however searches in articles on the arXiv.
The academic year does start around September in the USA and I think most European countries.	I would not accelerate things, to avoid getting worse grades that you want.
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just said in another answer : go for A !	You could defer admission, but it's a little unusual to defer for a year.
So you know, I do not have personal experience with this.	Since you've already accepted a nicely sourced answer, I'll contribute some unsubstatiated tradition (i.e.
In the past it has grown almost like a weed in our pots on our deck here in North Texas.	Additional to the other answers, basil famously doesn't like to be damp overnight.
All the same methods of analysis that are used with spoken languages apply successfully to signed languages.	One idea that's been going around at least since the 80s is that you can distinguish between Holds and Moves.
I visit AZ every summer and include some hikes in the desert when I'm there.	Apart from what has been said, your need of water also depends on what you eat.
As I wrote above, it's hard to rate this wall.	Unlike others, I think the route is pretty well described.
I once met a physicists who held the strong AI position.	Although I believe Searle is mistaken, I don't think you have found the problem.
The University constituencies are modelled on the University constituencies in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland became independent.	This is still a representational form of gov't, but with a unique twist.
It was before the season began because Amy saw the woman before the Silence took her.	The exact timeline hasn't been listed yet, but there are a few assumptions we can make.
Here is the 2006 cover release, choice B in your question is the 2006 version.	Wikipedia's compilation of Time Travel Rules is a good resource to check about this subject.
This idea has been around since the beginning of myth and storytelling.	The science behind superheroes might shed some light on this topic.
I can think of three key factors that are quite logical conjectures.	There have been quite a few studies in football/soccer discussing home field advantage.
I visited Peru in August, starting from Lima and touring for three weeks.	Cusco: High: 70F Low: 40F This is just before the rainy season (Dec-Mar) and crowds are general less.
David Weber's The War God's Own has some lengthy travel scenes in it which he does quite well.	One thing that should be used as a seasoning in Odyssey tales is the idea of the false destination.
I have been doing a lot of my outlining/pre-writing work in Workflowy.	Am I allowed to beat the drum for Scrivener again?
Edit, again: The question seems to have changed, yet again.	I can think of three reasons why a faculty member might reveal how a student performed on a qualifying examination.
I agree with Seteropere completely, ''Network Science'' is a very broad subject.	I would say you are approaching it in the wrong way.
This does not fully answer your question, but it is certainly one consideration.	I am a PhD student in Computational Science, which is an interdisciplinary major spanning mathematics, computer science, and engineerning.
The farther away, the faster the galaxies move away from us.	Here is my answer to a similar question posted on the physics stack exchange website.
A black hole (briefly), is nothing more than a dead star whose mass was more than 3 solar masses.	I think you mean to ask, ''What is the local sidereal time of Greenwhich?''.
I've found an additional concept that may be related to the original question: prototype theory.	According to current models of human concept learning, the answer to your question is both.
There are individuals who possess extraordinary memory ability, sometimes called eidetic memory.	There are many arguments for why this is not the case.
As mentioned in the other comments, ANOVA is problematic when mixing types of predictor variables.	I like to think of multitasking as rapid task switching.
Presumably the decision of drivers to slow down in response to work zone signage is influenced by many factors.	This short talk deals with issues of ''cheating slightly'' :Dan Ariely: Our buggy moral code.
Some ancient historical precedent exists for preferring $10$, but also for $6$, so that's mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect numbers.	This is indeed possible, but I haven't seen it done experimentally for reasons other than feasibility.
Since this is a relatively new problem for behavioral researchers, I don't know that there is a common consensus.	I'll address just the first of your three sub-questions, the others have been answered by Chuck Sherrington.
I'm American, and I've never heard the bathroom referred to as St. John's.	In situations like these, I tend to lengthen out the phrase.
Since you're being kind of vague here, I can only give you a vague answer.	In general, warming up your muscles only requires performing the movement with lower weights.
First of all, as a general matter of fact you suppose to change your workout routine in every 3-4 weeks.	You can mix those, but in my experience, it will be very difficult at first.
I found it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all are.	I reccomend ''Monkey Grass'' because it is like a slow growing weed that reproduces slowly and looks nice!
I bought a book, which talks about this, so here's an answer to my own question.	Well I wouldn't risk it, not in a cold compost system.
''What I am really looking for is an estimation of the Muslim population...'' @ThanosK and @T.E.D., an overall, general population estimation f.e.	The following is taken from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of Medieval History.
In Hinduism and Buddhism there is message of peace and an encouragement to not be materialistic.	This relates to the ''discovery'' of Asian, and other non-European cultures by Americans.
A caveat: I'm experiencing the tail end of a three day migraine.	I agree with the commentators that your question is a little confusing.
In a gym, the toprope will be wrapped over a cylindrical bar.	Alright, there are several different issues here that we must be sure to address.
An embolism in a medical context refers to any large moving mass or defect in the blood stream.	Here is an interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injuries.
Different parts of California have different wildlife, so you should probably narrow the region.	You can get a rough estimate from using an online calorie estimation website.
Oh friend, I have been down this miserable road just like you.	Yes, it is accepted practice to wash new Semi-Static rope (or Single Rope Technique/SRT Rope as it is known by cavers).
I'm facing a similar situation; being Danish and living in (German-speaking) Austria.	An alternative would be to expose her solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare.
The appropriate pH level of the water does vary a bit by fish, but too acidic can definitely kill them.	The info you've been given in the previous answers is good.
Cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple guns to secure it.	I started to dig into this because you caught my curiosity itch with the question...
People who are good at the philosophy of mathematics are mathematicians and not philosophers.	My motivation is that I like to look at things from their roots and go up.
I have no idea why it is voted up, but Rex Kerr's answer begs the question.	It's a tautology, but the mapping between logic and the English-language description is wrong.
The question of time is an incredibly difficult one, which has been treated of philosophers from Aristotle to Heidegger.	wikipedia, as much as it is a supposedly self correcting medium, is not necessarily a definitive account of anything.
The short answer is that yes, you can do this.	Speaking from my own experience, I would rather carry different ND filters that combine two polarisers.
Let me share my opinion as Ukrainian citizen, from Kharkiv, eastern Ukraine.	I am sure this is more phylosophical and ethical question than it seems.
This question has already been widely discussed and answered on Skeptics.	Minimum wage laws hurt the least skilled, least productive the most.
The important thing I try to remember is just to pay attention.	I have been reading on this topic since I have asked this question.
I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this.	One general key to not feeling dejected is to avoid comparing yourself to others.
A quick research (1, 2) showed me that the concentration of caffeine seems to peak about 30-60mins after ingestion.	The issue is that it never becomes useful in its true meaning.
Here's a technique  I've developed without being aware of it: Multiple Browsers.	I agree with others that tracking your time is fundamental to the solution.
Even though the question has been answered I would like to add my answer .	I don't know if I should say this, but if your job is making you anxious.
To stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this is considered an interruption.	There is actually functionality in most browsers already in place to do just this.
Some studies suggest open-space environments lower working efficiency with 2-10% due to interruptions, stress and noise.	There's an iPhone app called Groups which might be helpful.
I was invited in to pitch story ideas to Ron Moore at ST:TNG.	It's obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occurred.
We have two parallel worlds in collision or maybe more.	Our intrepid heroes also didn't pursue the child who was in the spacesuit.
First, we must consider that ''Sphere'' is less Hard SF and more soft SF, thriller, airport novel and such.	''Fins'' on real spacecraft are usually for one of two purposes: solar panels or thermal radiators.
Reading your post, made me think of my younger years !!	I'd say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture.
Actually, it's much more easier to count the one NOT on the same continent.	That is also the recommended strategy for marathons, if you are going for time.
Red ball under yellow floodlight takes on a brownish color which is very similar to the color of the pitch.	I am too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training.
I can't think of the specifics, but I seem to remember this scenario from many years ago.	The Laws of Cricket say that you can declare any innings, no matter what the agreed length is.
It was random that she faced Li Na in the first round - not because she's seeded/ranked #127.	This was too long for a comment, so I am posting it as a CW-answer.
I had a similar issue but in what seemed to be a simpler situation.	I'm actually about to do the same thing when transferring at London Heathrow.
There's a geek answer to this, and a practical answer to this.	It's pretty ridiculous that I've seen airlines ask for these to be turned off at times.
You have to define the problem before attempting a solution.	Whenever I start reading the same lines over and over again, I start skimming.
No, you don't need to have taken classes or earned a degree in your area.	I have done quite a bit of technical writing for healthcare information systems.
Keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing.	I think Stephen King's comments are helpful in this regard.
