You do not need to worry.	You don't have to worry.
You can do it, too.	Yes, you can do it.
The answer to both questions is: Yes.	The answer to both of your questions is yes.
You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated.	You are making this too complicated.
It's not a good idea.	It is not a good idea.
Take a look at these:	Take a look at this: 
This is not a good idea.	But it is not a good idea.
I was in a similar situation.	I had a similar situation.
I've had this same problem.	I had this same problem.
You answered your own question.	You have answered your own question.
I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't see why that should be a problem.
It makes absolutely NO difference.	No, it makes no difference.
I think it's fine to ask this question.	I think it is okay to ask the question.
There's not a lot you can do about that.	I'm afraid there's not really a lot you can do.
You answered your own question.	You've answered your own question already.
Can you do this?	Can you do it?
How do you do that?	How to do that?
It's also a matter of taste.	It's definitely just a matter of preference.
I don't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever.	I don't see why this could be a problem.
There's not a lot you can do about that.	I really do not think there is much you can do about that.
You got it right.	Yes you got it.
There are two things to consider:	A couple things to consider:
Can you do this?	So, CAN you do this?
There are a few things you can do: 	There are a couple things you can try.
You got it right.	You've got it right.
You answered your own question.	You pretty much answered your own question.
You are on the right path.	You're on the right path.
What are your goals?	What are you goals?
A few more point to think about:	A few things to think about:
I'm afraid we are out of luck in this one.	I think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck.
It's also a matter of taste.	It's mostly a matter of taste.
I had the same problem as you.	I have just had the same problem.
I'm thinking it's a bad idea. 	I think it's a bad idea.
It's not a good idea.	Not a good idea.
I had the same problem as you.	I have exactly the same problem.
There are two things to consider:	I think there are two important things to consider:
It's pretty much up to you.	It is up to you.
There are three options:	There are only three options:
So think it in this way.	Think of it this way.
Maybe this could work for you.	Maybe this can work for you.
This is not a good idea.	Not a good idea.
I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents.	I know this is an old question but I feel I should add my 2 cents.
You may have to experiment and find what you like.	You have to find out what works for you.
I agree with the other comments.	I agree with the previous comments.
It rather depends on which country you're in.	That depends on which country you are in.
This is a terrible idea.	This is a bad idea.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You have to know what you want to do.
I have few suggestions for you:	I have two suggestions for you:
As soon as possible.	Start them as early as possible.
To give this an answer:	I'll answer this question:
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	Sorry, I don't know the answer to your question.
The rule - When in doubt throw it out!	I always go by the rule ''When in doubt, throw it out!
This is not a good idea.	This sound like a very bad idea.
It probably depends on the cut of meat.	It depends on the meat and how it's cut.
Have you tried asking your employees?	Have you tried asking?
There are two things to consider:	There are two possible causes for this:
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	In other words, it depends on where you go, when you do there and how.
I have the same thing.	I have had the same problem.
My answer to your question is ''Probably Not''.	I think that the short  answer to your question is: No.
I don't think it makes any tremendous difference.	I don't think it makes much difference.
It's not a good idea.	I do not think it's a good idea.
You are on the right path.	You are right on the mark.
How should I proceed about this?	So how should I do this?
Does this page answer your question?	Does this answer your questions?
I'm going to be very direct here.	I'm going to be blunt, here: You don't.
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	I guess it depends on the nature of your contract.
There are a few things I think you should do.	There are quite a few things you would need to do;
How do you do that?	How should you do that?
I was in a similar situation.	I am in a similar situation.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It's up to you what you want to do next.
Well, I wouldn't put it on my cv.	I wouldn't put this job on my resume.
I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is an answer for this.
Work into it slowly.	You work on it slowly.
It varies by the situation.	This varies by institution.
I have the same thing.	I have the same problem.
I have the same thing.	I have the exact same problem.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You have to find out what works for you.
It's not a good idea.	No, it's not a good thing.
You have a problem.	This is a big problem.
Unfortunately, this question cannot be answered in its full generality.	This cannot be answered in general.
I think there isn't a general answer.	I don't think there is a single definition.
My answer to your question is ''Probably Not''.	The answer to your question is not really.
I had the same problem as you.	I had the same issue.
Hope this is what you are looking for.	Is this the kind of thing you're looking for ?
There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few things you need to consider:
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what and where you are going to do.
In the US, it will depend on the school.	This will depend on the university.
There are a few things I think you should do.	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
I've had this same problem.	I had this problem before.
Not a direct answer to the question, but something to consider.	Not a real answer to your question, but maybe it helps.
I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours. 	I remained under the banyan tree, exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours. 
In the US, it will depend on the school.	It really depends on the school and the program.
You should do it.	You should do what it says.
Yes, it's probably a good idea to renew your passport.	It's a good idea.
Yes, you should mention your experience.	Yes, you should mention it.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	I guess it depends on what you're going to do.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to achieve.
This is a very unusual request.	This sounds a bit unusual.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to be able to do.
It really doesn't matter.	It doesn't matter unless it is really far off.
You don't need to know everything.	You don't have to know.
I think you're looking for Mikey (1992).	I think you're looking for the movie
I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there is any universal term.
There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level.
This is the tip I find most useful:	Something like this is useful:  
Sure, I've  done this very trip.	I've done this many dozens of times.
You can use it, too.	You can do it, too.
I've located an article that might be of some help: http://www.dsattorney.com/qa-pseudonyms-in-contracts/	I found some link that might be of help to you:
You don't have to worry.	Since you have one ticket, you don't have to worry.
It depends entirely on your company and your contract.	It depends on your company.
The wood probably isn't rotten, it's just worn out.	It's just worn out and not safe.
I have the same thing.	I had the same problem as you.
Yes it is common!	The simple answer is yes!
I don't think that there's any.	I don't think there are any benefits.
You can use it, too.	Yes, you can do it.
There are a few things you can do: 	There are a few things I think you should do.
There are a few possible reasons.	There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles.
I've had this same problem.	I had this same situation.
The answer to both questions is: Yes.	If the answer to any of these questions is yes, a PhD may be worthwhile for you.
I did this one time as well.	I have this habit as well.
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do.	You should listen to your boss, because you're not paid to tell the boss what to do.
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	i think it depends what you want:
You don't have to know.	You have no need to do anything.
You can buy it on amazon for $5.	You can buy it on ebay for $25 and up.
You might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him.	My advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like.
From what I understand this is what you can do :	Can you do this?
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:	I'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want?
I am not sure this is the right site for the question.	I am not sure this question would have made much sense to the Romans themselves.
You are not disclosing key info.	No you are not.
It very much depends on the grant in question.	I think it depends very much on the area.
It depends on what they are.	It depends on what they are evaluating, and how.
There's not a lot you can do about that.	There's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you're getting in .
This is not a good idea.	This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow.
I'd say it primarily depends on two things:	I'd say it depends what conditions you have.
I have the same thing.	I have the same situation and have traveled extensively.
You can use it, too.	You can still use it for practice.
It really depends on how the employer documents it.	It depends how you're stating it.
I've had this same problem.	I've had this problem while working in a pubs.
It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake.	It depends on the sauce and the result you want.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You have to do what is right for you.
That's what I believe.	Yes, I believe it's a good idea.
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it, don't.
I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	Personally, I would say not unless it suits you.
I would say you can do it, but it wouldn't be advised.	I would say it is impossible to know, so don't risk it.
This answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US.	This answer is based on experience I did not researched for references.
It depends on what you want to have in your tank.	It depends on what you want to achieve.
That is your problem, not your supervisor's.	Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem.
Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Valid reasons to feel the way you do, but not a reason to resign.
I think it is depends on the program.	It depends on how the term is used I think.
I think you've pretty much done your review.	You've pretty much answered your own question.
You burn more Calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat.	The more you sweat, the faster you will burn calories and fat.
I would look at this: U.S.	I would look at this way: 
It looks to me that this is set up for what you want:	It is up to you whether you want to do that.
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	It is difficult, if not impossible, to give a complete answer to this question.
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had.	This gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in XXX.
Yes, you should mention your experience.	Yes, you should make a résumé.
I think it is great that you had a test conducted.	I think that's a great plan.
I'm going to go out on a limb here...	I'm going to be very direct here.
If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid, then you will not need a transit visa.	You do not need a transit visa, but to enter Zurich you will need a visa.
Now you don't have to be perfect on every answer.	You don't have to know.
Primer/paint will not work.	Nope that will not work.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold.
I was in a similar situation.	Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift.
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you.	You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you.
Also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story.	It is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	If the conversation is not about work, you know what the answer is to your own question.
I would personally beware of the Motley Fool.	I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool.
You should do it.	You can do it, too.
You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start.	You will have to start with the clinic., and maybe move on to the insurance company.
if you don't want to derail the meeting, but the key is to speak up.	The key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	My answer to your question is ''Probably Not''.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.
Yes, there is a reason for it.	Yes, that is exactly what it means.
The coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot, as the coffee is acidic.	One idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.
Some of what you can do:	Not much you can do besides:
This is a problem that the professor has to deal with.	This is a big problem.
This doesn't answer your question, but:	This is a part answer to your question
Yes, you have to file a tax return in Canada.	You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income.
Hope this is what you are looking for.	If what you are looking for is much higher, they get the picture.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Yes, you can do exactly what you want to do.
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	If not, don't do that and spend that time with something you like to do.
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know.	The answer to your question is not really.
If you are not sure how to do it, don't do it at all.	You don't, it will not work.
It's not a good idea.	It's a good idea to do both.
There are a couple of options that you could consider:	There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you.
Vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the USA.	Nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the UK.
It depends on how it's used.	It depends on how long it's been out.
This is a great one... 	This is a difficult one.
The key is you have to find something that works for you, and your goals.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	It depends on what you want to say/imply.
If you haven't, you should.	You should, but you don't have to.
Problem is, the system doesn't account for people who could care less about money, or title.	The Joker doesn't care about money.
In the first case, I think you don't need it.	So I don't think you need to put it on the cover.
Yes, it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis.	Yes, it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	So if that's what you need, you really do have to be explicit about it.
Yes, there is a rule against this.	There's no rule against it.
It depends on what they are.	It depends on how it's used.
You don't need to know everything.	They just don't want you to know it.
I think it's just a habit.	I think it's a bad idea.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it.
You should do it.	You should never do it.
The answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages:	The answer to both questions is: Yes.
It depends on what you want to do next, and where you want to do it.	They can, but the way to do it depends on what you have available.
It's not a good idea.	It's not just a good idea, it's an excellent idea.
Yes, there is at least one to my knowledge.	To my knowledge, there's no time requirement.
My answer to your question is ''Probably Not''.	This is a part answer to your question
The key thing to realize here is that it's not your job to make people do their work.	It really isn't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job.
There are two possible causes for this:	There are two options for you - 
There's also what the string is made of.	There is also a Youtube-Version of the film.
You also imply you may not be paid if they cannot place you with a client.	You can do it, but you might not be a professor.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	You may want it, but the process given to you is what you have to work within.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have to decide how much you want to demand, and what unmet demands you can live with.
It's not a good idea.	It's a good question.
It's pretty much up to you.	It's much better to ask.
Work into it slowly.	It seems to work.
There are two ways to start with: plunging and dripping.	There are two traditional ways to bend wood:
The answers so far are already good, but I'd like to add a map for Switzerland:	You have a lot of answers already, but I'd like to add Curries as another solutions.
There is no maximum.	There is no quarantine period.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	Yes, you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you've done.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job.
No it does not affect your ratings.	No it is not.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	My recommendation is not to say anything, and do the best you can.
You don't have to know.	You don't have to do anything to season it.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You should tell a good story and sometimes you have to tweak reality/history to do so.
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff.	The best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness.
You PROBABLY don't have any chance at the moment.	Saying ''thanks, I don't have any questions at the moment.''
You should do it.	You should prime it first.
What kind of insulation is it?	What kind of floors are above?
It's all in her head.	It's all about adhesion.
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you don't.	You have to know what you want to do.
You will want to clean the area first.	You will also want to remove the seeds.
You just have to base your answer on what you do know, which is what you want.	Remember this is your degree we are talking about, its up to you what you want to do.
What is your lid made of?	What is your paper for?
You don't need any visa.	You don't need sauce at all.
The answer to both questions is: Yes.	To directly answer the two questions in your title.
You don't have to know.	You don't have equipments/facilities to do research in B.
There are a few things I think you should do.	There are a few things I don't understand:
Yes, there is a chemical difference.	Yes, there is a reason for it.
They can be out of level by a bit, but flat is important.	Yes, although they can be a bit sour.
No, you do not NEED a bread machine.	You do not need to worry.
You don't have to know.	Other than that you don't have a tax issue.
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do.	Point is: know what you want and don't be afraid to ask for it.
You are on the right path.	You're right on about the sample definition.
You don't need any visa.	You don't have to worry.
You have to decide what you want to get out of this.	You're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want.
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check.	This is a part answer to your question
Microwave would be your best bet.	Your best bet is research.
Yes, there is a reason to not do what you propose.	Yes, there is a chemical difference.
You don't have to worry.	You don't have to do anything to season it.
There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not.	There is no code telling you that you cannot do this.
Yes, you should make a résumé.	Yes, you should talk to your professor.
You shouldn't feel any obligation at all.	You don't need sauce at all.
